The truth about learning outdated practices 1 Various models of
learning 1 All learning involves building the brain's cortex 2
Most learning is simply reading instruction manuals 3 All learning
actually falls under the same subject language arts 4 All
scientific knowledge is acquired through the study of artificial language
5 All learning is essentially the study and application of
symbolic systems 6 All learning is just about establishing reinforcing
and strengthening connections between neurons 7 All learning is about
constructing a network of knowledge 8 The most effective excessive
learning is learning more natural languages 9 All learning is
comprised of seeking practicing applying and creating 10 There will
definitely be more in the future 2 Viral characteristics of
erroneous learning models 1 Inability to directly experience consequences 2
Tendency to overlook contradictory evidence 3 Learning is actually simple
the human brain is a super learning machine 4 Most
common tactics of mental control 1 Exaggerating difficulties 2 Belittling
others 3 Claiming authority 4 Repetitive intimidation 5 Neglecting soft
skills excessively focusing on competition and horizontal comparisons 6 Parents
should transform themselves into learning machines 1 Create their own
learning models through studying applying and creating 2 Turn teachers
and classmates into learning assistants 3 Previewing reviewing and paraphrasing
should be done with parents 7 School is not the
place for learning learning is our own responsibility and it
can be done at home 1 The primary role of
school is for children to acquire social skills 8 Create
the optimal learning environment within the family an environment filled
with individuals who excel in learning and have a passion
for it